CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

#How to contribute
This guide explains in detail how MathBeast is built and how you need to set up
your development environment to start contributing.

##Directory Structure
![Screenshot of directory structure](images/docs/directories.png)

##Libraries
###Custom Libraries
- [Mathbeast](https://github.com/PhoenixJSMeetup/mathbeast/blob/master/js/lib/mathbeast.js)

###Third-Party Libraries
- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
- [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
- [jQuery UI](http://jqueryui.com/)
- [require.js](http://requirejs.org/)
- [require.js/text](https://github.com/requirejs/text)
- [backbone.js](http://backbonejs.org/)

##Code Conventions
- Use two spaces to indent HTML, CSS, Less, and JavaScript code.
- Follow the conventions provided on [Crockford's guide](http://javascript.crockford.com/code.html)

##Code Review Workflow (GitHub Flow)
- Contributing is easy. Mathbeast administrators can create a feature branch off the current
development branch (i.e. mvp4) and create a pull request the feature (or bug fix) is complete.
- Non administrators can fork Mathbeast to work on a feature or bug fix. Once said feature or
bug fix is complete, submit a pull request on GitHub.com.

##Set Up Development Environment
You won't need an http server, but you'll need to compile Less files into CSS.
Below are instructions on how to set up your environment to run gulp tasks
@TODO: Provide instructions

##Backbone Files
@TODO: Explain what each of files below do.
- js/app.js
- js/main.js
- js/app.js
- js/views/appView.js
- js/views/View.js
- js/views/introductionView.js
- js/views/mainView.js
- js/views/outroView.js
- js/views/regionView.js
- js/views/settingView.js

Commit message:

updated contributing.md and readme.md with instructions on how to get set-up

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

#How to contribute
This guide explains in detail how MathBeast is built and how you need to set up
your development environment to start contributing.

##Directory Structure
![Screenshot of directory structure](images/docs/directories.png)

##Libraries
###Custom Libraries
- [Mathbeast](https://github.com/PhoenixJSMeetup/mathbeast/blob/master/js/lib/mathbeast.js)

###Third-Party Libraries
- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)
- [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)
- [jQuery UI](http://jqueryui.com/)
- [require.js](http://requirejs.org/)
- [require.js/text](https://github.com/requirejs/text)
- [backbone.js](http://backbonejs.org/)

##Code Conventions
- Use two spaces to indent HTML, CSS, Less, and JavaScript code.
- Follow the conventions provided on [Crockford's guide](http://javascript.crockford.com/code.html)

##Code Review Workflow (GitHub Flow)
- Contributing is easy. Mathbeast administrators can create a feature branch off the current
development branch (i.e. mvp4) and create a pull request the feature (or bug fix) is complete.
- Non administrators can fork Mathbeast to work on a feature or bug fix. Once said feature or
bug fix is complete, submit a pull request on GitHub.com.

##Set Up Development Environment
You won't need an http server, but you'll need to compile Less files into CSS.
Below are instructions on how to set up your environment to run gulp tasks
This repository has branches for each of the videos in the course. You can use the branch pop up menu in github to switch to a specific branch and take a look at the course at that stage. Or you can simply add `/tree/BRANCH_NAME` to the URL to go to the branch you want to peek at.

1. Make sure you have these installed
  - [node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
  - [git](http://git-scm.com/)
  - [gulp](http://gulpjs.com/)
2. Clone this repository into your local machine using the terminal (mac) or Gitbash (PC) `git clone https://github.com/PhoenixJSMeetup/mathbeast.git`
3. CD to the folder `cd mathbeast`
4. Run `npm install` in terminal to install the project dependencies

For more help setting up a comprehensive Gulp.js workflow, check out [Web Project Workflows with Gulp.js, Git, and Browserify](http://www.lynda.com/Web-Web-Design-tutorials/Web-Project-Workflows-Gulpjs-Git-Browserify/154416-2.html).

##Backbone Files
@TODO: Explain what each of files below do.
- js/app.js
- js/main.js
- js/app.js
- js/views/appView.js
- js/views/View.js
- js/views/introductionView.js
- js/views/mainView.js
- js/views/outroView.js
- js/views/regionView.js
- js/views/settingView.js
